thank you again for coming to my aid on
the road being rescued is one of my
wicked dreams it's not very wicked
getting rescued it's what you did to me
after
Terry I've met this incredible girl
she's an actress
what's the Meher were you I lost a lot
money in a car cameras on how much the
no he hasn't parents how are you gonna
pay back ninety thousand pounds you got
some money put away no I have a little
save for this business proposition I'm
in real trouble yes you're in real
trouble your ankle Howard started with
nothing you know he's a millionaire and
yet he never forgot his phone so what
what kind of money are we looking at we
both find a way to pay you back I wanted
to talk to you about that I think you'll
agree that family loyalty cuts both ways
Oh without a doubt diamond uncle her
anything what's he expect you'd never
consider anything like that would you
no would you the bedroom seems so sexy I
was thinking of you for motivation I
want us to go to California together
you're not big shot in small stakes
player look for the first time in my
life I've met a woman and I'm in love
with her but this is a way out for me -
if you do it there's no turning back
there is let's take him now
it's a great way off my back
we'll never be rose again there's no
going back from this I tell you I'm
worried about Terry
he thinks he's killed someone
now you're upset you're unstable want
this off my neck you can't do it you'll
be throwing your whole life away in mine
you didn't question my ethics when you
wanted something from me family is
family blood is blood
you